[Music]
what a [ __ ] what a shitty video of
ours there's a website that happens to me kids
well before starting the video let's go
with the mistakes
[Music]
more
[ __ ] the quality of less more that they didn't
come
out adhered is that I wanted to kick him over there because my dog ​​​​is back here and then I didn't want to throw the chair over there and in the end him and auto parts but well so you can see that they don't see it with bad intentions that all this is a joke I have nothing against
the chair I
don't want to apologize what a
cloth that came out this week with the
alpha in hyper this is not the alpha sniper
who is a youtuber who is training and although
according to the TV he is dedicated to uploading videos
of his cars and it turns out that the
guy has taken with all his balls
that he has bought a Lamborghini a
Lamborghini is a car that costs like
me 13,200,000 euros healthy [ __ ] to a [ __ ]
madness not the funniest thing the guy uploads
a tutorial on how to buy a
Lamborghini or whatever but he uploads it as
normal as someone who uploads a video to YouTube
a tutorial on how to make a
potato omelette well the guy uploads
a tutorial of the steps you have to
follow to buy a tree and we go
as if it were that tomorrow afternoon to
buy methods well first of
all children it's called and wait for it to
do us well
here it is
now
Alberto
I will live d'Artagnan to sell the car to piss you off
I love it because
he is here like designing the car
and giving like an order to all the people at the
dealership that I want you to put
this light here these lights okay
here in the glove compartment door I create
time and configure the car this here
this ends here in the glove compartment I want
the car to have something so that I
can do my live tweets
playing forni I don't know if this really
has been a promotion something I
imagine that in part a little but it
silenced some Alfa revalidation there
but what I do tell you is one thing
actively you can buy all the
car you want okay but what you can't
buy is this  smile I mean I'm
going to tell you clear alpha that I know that
you watch some of my videos whenever
you want
we'll go to the door of the club you with
your Lamborghini and me with my Ford Fiesta and I'll break you into leagues
kid I'll break you into
leagues it's a dandy you are born you don't become good
well it turns out that this kid was criticized the other
day on television saying
that you have to see what a [ __ ] [ __ ] the U2 is
seeing this earning money for doing
nothing for the boyfriend for the extract
[Music] do
nothing I
love what people don't even get paid a lot of
money for doing nothing but kind
cutie put yourself here and put yourself make the
videos sit down and entertain
thousands of people here to see if people
see you dudes anyway the thing you're going to
expect from television is that you're going to
miss the television that is criticizing
the youtubers but then it's bringing
pse the people from television to youtube to
create shitty channels
that are so cold and positive it's a
very good and healthy thing for children to have a
good time  cold how hot lorena
put the child in the fridge
for the dog
[Music]
the video we're going to comment on today I
found it is called the boy zack
morris it has the name of these series
that were on at noon like
when we were kids in the 90s the
video in question is called a week
sowing in parentheses
my girlfriend no so when I saw that
title I said a week without brad sowing
and between walls and my girlfriend I mean your
girlfriend is a work you see it open your
wrists you are headstrong the ones that can't
hold on skin and it doesn't turn out to be
that one that sows there must be something to
think that it will be the panties but it's not the
bra okay over there they call it the bra bra
whatever the challenge that
this guy proposes for his channel he doesn't even fulfill it
okay he sets the challenge to his girlfriend
for her [ __ ] face a week sowing
look at you what's morbid about the fact of
secrecy no what complication is there that
hits you a week without a bra lorena
come I need you for one of
these videos a few weeks and in bras
sow for youtube today but baby 17  v
[Music]
today I wanted to make a video for a
week but it turns out I don't have boobs
so hey look it turns out I
wanted to record this video for a week
always but I realize that I have the
camera I have a microphone I have a computer
but I don't have boobs what a
discovery the lynx has made he doesn't
have boobs coal like how the [ __ ] am I going to
do the challenge for a week without an arm if I do
n't have pubes it's like it is like sir
everything I want to do the challenge of ignoring
my girlfriend no I can't because I don't have a
girlfriend
names jokes if I have a girlfriend Lorena
and if I find out that I don't have one like that it's
difficult for me then like I don't
want to make a big deal but I have
not well 1900 with the Medellín and well she does
have boobs because we wanted to
take advantage of that and well I have a
girlfriend and it turns out that she does have
bovine is who I imagine
asking the girlfriend honey you have do you have
boobs maybe you have any that you have to
spare but it deserves this curious the phrase
at the end not like she turns out that she does
have boobs it's not like
when you ask a friend for a top and it
turns out I know she has and  we want to take
advantage of that, I mean, do you want to take advantage
of the fact that since your girlfriend has boobs,
you can do a challenge, a
challenge of a few weeks
sowing, and if you really like it, I
can, in years, it can be a challenge of
a few weeks without boxers because I don't use them, it's going to
be, but I don't think it would be that
entertaining, or if you like it, I
can do the challenge of a week without
boxers because I don't wear boxers, which
you'll tell me, no, how fun and how
entertaining is a video watching you who do
n't wear underwear, yes, I don't remember,
but if you never wear them, it's
funny to me because it's the hack, of course, I
can do it for a week without boxes, but it wouldn't
be as fun as seeing my girlfriend
without a bra, no, and it's like [ __ ] this
guy, what concept of
fun does he have, hasn't he discarded, gives her
a PlayStation 4 and he goes crazy, no, no, I'm not, let's
go, but you're nervous,
there's a good one in which, which, although
later, it's fine
[Music]
but the outfit that she's wearing, let's
see, let's see, yeah, let's see if I can expose you
enough with those clothes, well, we'll see, let's see, let's
see if it gets cold
downtown  commercial no I imagine that
this guy is now going to dedicate himself to
taking the girl to the place where there is
air conditioning, it is not seen that in his
house he does not have air conditioning and he is going
to take her to the mall well he is going to
complete the challenge very very interesting
the truth is that it is
very cold but I am having surgery where are
you going to put the camera what I am
saying that he has taken his girlfriend to
a mall so that she is
cold with the air conditioning and he
stuck it in her tits you get
like Victor Gonzalez this one should abu in
this video we will show you with evidence
only sick opportunistic and abusive what a
brush the girlfriend is using
but as if I were in the chair for
example
always
[Music]
I like it because let's see let's see he is not
so afraid he is not so afraid and a little more he
puts the camera inside her cleavage he knows
a little more and a new one jumps out at me with
a nipple the girlfriend
in a few days
[Music] it
is very revealing
or rather basically this video is about
showing us his girlfriend as if she were a
piece of meat okay  I mean like
look what a great steak I'm going to eat
tonight look how it looks I don't know how
impressed you guys are at
Davis Beckham at Mercadona but I'm
really finding it colorful
here we are at the mall but
the kid I mean he spends
the whole week taking the girl to the
mall and she got painted on the
Z
the brave [ __ ] and because you're
very exposed
period
and don't go
[Music] what I
imagine is that he was pulling your
leg because on his channel he talks about
analyzing other people's English YouTube
Hernandez I understand that this kid is from
some American country and this has been downloaded to
doctors from Sancho to a doctor girlfriend and
the kid landed with his head okay the
kid landed with what the
planes are like no they go down no first they touch
the wheels and they slow down
and this one is not directly well
head first on the brake with the ground in
Mexico there is no and in Yucatan we all
need to respect
like the payment takes  all points 10
minutes of the video showing us his
girlfriend as if she were a very
rich hamburger that he is going to eat at night
but he asks us all to respect
women with our balls you continue you
have to put on a bra but on your
balls that are going to fall off and nothing
gentlemen we are finishing for today I hope
you had fun with today's video
because football has been magical and
one thing I wanted to say to everyone and that
is that I created a new
twitter account because as you know they
closed the other one so I have created
a new one or I am going to leave it in the
description so that you can follow me
surely later when
Villar is free surely
later I will change the clothes because I do not
like [ __ ] what I have put on
but I want you all to follow me because
through there you send me ideas for
video suggestions or come out I know what happens
and I find out immediately thanks to you
the next
[Music]